# Agenda

## Vending Machine Updates (13 minutes)
  - $551.78 sold as of 7:15 P.M. 11/14
      -  breaking things up per month to see if goals were reached
      -  Chip is working on modifying
  - Stuck Parts. Is the battery getting stuck a situation that should be looked into further? What should be done to prevent this in the future? Masking tape? (Kyle Izzy Alis)
      -  if this cant be fixed it should it be removed? extras in case of future issue?
      -  lockbox extras or just extras
      -  "see makerspace if there are issues" written somewhere?
      -  Google number instead of Owen's number - done by end of thanksgiving
      -  more people involved in fixing the vending machine (in pairs)? making one of the keys available to everyone
      -  Kyle and Chip = research and present at next meeting best system
        - Current system:
          - Tim has both keys to lockbox to key of vending machine. (Worst case scenario if something happens)
          - Kyle and Izzy both have 1 of the required keys to open lockbox to access key to the vending machine.
          - Owen's number still on vending machine. Kyle working on it to make a Google voice #.
        - Suggested new system:
          - Google voice would call Kyle and he would notify the interns about the situation (if he isn't available).
          - Each intern have one of the keys (A or B)
          - For example: Cole and I work together most days. He would have key A and I would have key B.
          - Whenever there would be an incident, chances are high he and I would be on campus/working to retrieve part.


## DTG Procurement Update (5 minutes)
  - Update from Cole: 11-20-17 have 3 vendors knowing we need it.
      -  sample from Epson and Melco
      -  still looking for two other venders currently in process
      -  By next meeting have more information and two more venders


## Morning shift limiting early prints (2 minutes)
- Implement for the last week this semester
- Alis = send out an email about this change


## Staffing for next semester (4 minutes)
  - new tier of staff, supplemental aid, "volunteer" but still employees (wording)
     -  works less hours and are paid via allowed access to space outside of hours
     -  goes through training and aid and support interns
     -  possibly chosen from people who are not chosen for UPIC position
     -  would help a lot with busy hours
     -  allows interns to focus on projects and improving the space rather than everyday maintenance.
     -  need written commitment
     -  hopefully implemented next semester
   - Who is leading the new intern hiring process?
    - What is the timeline?
    - Who makes the selection?
    - What criteria do we have for the selection process?


## Printer Malfunction (8 minutes)
  - Type A printers sound like the are skipping when the layer shift occurs
  - Who is debugging this? Status?
     -  possibly record this for the future for the Type A's in question
     -  having it record for a day and then rewrites and if you want to keep it you can copy to another location?
     -  Izzy = research this as long term assignment


## Impact (3 minutes)
 - Update from Alton: Email students when they sign/reserve time to please fill out We the Tigers.
         -  email sent and it is added to the sign in
 - Update from Izzy: Mass email survey
    -  Extra time on the laser / 3D printer / ???
    -  Send out around the week of Makerday (Thursday, November 30th)
    -  Make a Google Form
       -   survey made and can be sent out to everybody
       -   purpose: gathering impact data / maybe needs to be more clear
       -   shared on makerspace drive
       -   "Have you had to make anything and would you have been able to make it without the makerspace?"
       -   "Have you seen our Instagram and/or Facebook? see..."
       -   Cole = Advertise with photo booth
       -   How many people have been using the space and what their majors are?


## Hendrix Makerspace Proposal Petition (3 minutes)
  - Update from Owen: any news on progress/ outcome? How can the staff support?


## Parts Log (5 minutes)
  - How do we hold students accountable for logging parts?
  - Any new ideas? Anyone do any research into options? (Alton or Alis)
  -  Bold or highlight or add pictures of screen on Canvas printing training.
   -  Tag students and send an email and say "log your parts"
       -   Next Spring, see if C.I. can set up a system to track unlogged prints through Octoprint.
          - Possibly a different CI
          -   Could be considered a project for future interns
          -   Probably not Octoprint for Nolan's CI
          -   CI is introducing tablets into the space for logging parts and uses of different machinery
            -   Working on implementation


## Laser Cutter Reservations (3 minutes)
  - Cole suggested adding a notification to the reservation page to tell students to have their files completed before coming in for their time or come half hour early to prepare your file.
  - It is already on the page / Can we make it bigger?
  - Consider adding a notification for laser cutter system letting us know it's their first time cutting for certification
  - Update from Alton: Add notification on reservation emails to tell first timers to come in early.
       -   CI project for uniform training from the interns
       -   Direct user to online canvas page
       -   Have headphones for the videos online / careful this might effect safety

## Reminders (4 minutes)
  - Filament
    -  Please keep Filament inventory fully updated! Very important for ITSAB funding for next year.
       -  QR or NFC tracking
           -  Objective and project manager
       -  Need filter space in cabinets. Has this been obtained (Owen or Chip)?
         -  Current cabinets: 17, 16, 12,
           -  Not yet obtained new cabinets
       - Interns:
         -  Keep printer status up to date.
       - Laser Cutter maintenance
         -  Clean lens every 2-3 hours when filters are really bad.
         -  On the regular, clean every night


## Dr. Todd (5 minutes)
- Water jets in the future?


## Celebration (<1 minute)
   -  Makerspace Celebratory meal at Dr. Todd's home
      - 6 pm December 1st
